*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――At the same time as when the open palm of Petra Leyte caused Natsuki Subaru’s cheek to swell, and when Flop O’Connell’s bombshell statement caused Medium O’Connell to be confused.

???: [――As expected, seems like y’all couldn’t wait for us ta arrive.]

Gazing up as he gnawed on his kiseru, the strongest shinobi of the City States languidly muttered.

Slouching his already sloped shoulders, having sat down cross-legged, the wolfman―― Halibel, amidst the flowing nightscape, maintained vigilance of the quiet evening hours on the roof of the dragon carriage.

Just before, the coupled dragon carriage had been targeted.

Thanks to the children who had noticed the surprise attack before Halibel, they had been able to avoid that danger, but accidents like those did not happen very often. To ensure that they did not happen, was Halibel’s duty.

Halibel: [After that, lil’ Ana’s gaze was real darn unsparin’. I hafta make up for it.]

The young girl who he had known since long ago due to ties with his kin, had paid an extraordinary price in order to go to the Empire on this occasion.

Accompanied by Halibel, she had taken the role of an envoy for the City States. ――Contrary to the expectation that this was an untapped business opportunity that ignited her merchant soul, her objective was actually to search for a friend who had disappeared. 

She was a girl who did not want to show weakness. Of course, that was not something she would ever say.

Halibel: [‘Cause of that, she told the middle-aged geezer who she knew from long ago ta not lend her a hand.]

As he said that, Halibel slowly stood up.

Consisting of multiple dragon carriages coupled together, the coupled dragon carriage was being pulled without rest by a great number of ground dragons―― An outstanding piece of engineering truly characteristic of the greedy Empire, fully displaying the haphazardness of the Divine Protection of Wind-Evasion.

Even so, Halibel could not get used to that unnatural sensation.

Even though the wheels were stumbling along an uneven path as the scenery flowed, neither wind nor shaking could be felt. Kararagi had a low overall number of ground dragons, and beast carriages were commonly used, so he was well acquainted with shaking and sluggishness. 

And, speaking of unnatural sensations that he was not used to――,

Halibel: [Dang, even tho’ the movin’ corpses were already quite considerable… seems like flyin’ dragons’re also becomin’ “zombies”.]

Reaching his finger into a gap in his Japanese-style clothing, Halibly sloppily scratched his belly as he grumbled.

Reflected in his slit-eyes as he gazed into the night sky, with cracks throughout their grand large bodies and spread wings, were flying dragons that had been reduced to corpses―― a flock of “undead flying dragons”.

A dense flock that concealed the stars like dark clouds, were slowly approaching the coupled dragon carriage.

Halibel: [――There’s a troublesome one in there.]

As Halibel gave such an evaluation to a presence mixed in among the flock of undead flying dragons.

As if noticing the presence of that repulsive enemy, unrest began to sprout in the ground dragons pulling the dragon carriages.

Even though the ground dragons were known as loyal friends of people, it was not as if they had lost their wildness upon being domesticated. Feeling a sense of danger at the looming threat, even they would have a frightened heart.

The coupled dragon carriage was a big deal as an invention, but such danger was always present. Ground dragons were already highly empathetic creatures. If one of them got frightened, that fear would spread like a chain reaction――,

???: [――DODOGYUUUN!!]

Right after Halibel had worried about that, a neigh that seemingly tore through the dusk reverberated. 

A lethal cry of the approaching threat, that paralyzed the ground dragons with fear―― was not what it was.

The neigh had originated from near the cart at the head, where several dozens of ground dragons were lined up to pull the coupled dragon carriage; the thing that had played the most important role, was the loud cry of a single jet-black ground dragon.

Halibel: [Heh, seems like there’s a young’un with a considerably manly spirit among ‘em.]

With the quick wittedness of the black ground dragon’s neigh, the contagion of fear was intercepted from spreading throughout the ground dragons.

Thanks to that, they had avoided the worst possible situation of the fearful ground dragons abandoning their duty, which would have caused the mid-air breakage of the coupled dragon carriage. And, when Halibel was impressed, he suddenly realized.

Halibel: [Golly, the black ground dragon young’un was actually a female. Rather than manly, guess she’s got a maidenly spirit.]

Unusually widening his narrowed slit-eyes as he muttered, Halibel laughed a small “Kaka”.

Smiling, the shinobi wolfman walked lightheartedly outside the dragon carriages that continued to run―― Stepping forth into empty space, he leaped into the sky.

He would engage. The formidable enemy that even the Admirer deemed to be troublesome, in order to prevent it from drawing any closer. 

That formidable enemy was――,

△▼△▼△▼△

Subaru: [Whoa, whoa, whoa, what the heck is that!?]

Subaru's voice quivered, his eyes glued to the scene outside through the corridor window.

Having finished his discussion with Rem and Lou―― no, with Spica, in the guest room, he had joined Emilia and the others who had been worriedly waiting for him. In the midst of giving them an update, he had just been slapped by Petra.

Petra: [This is for me, and a little bit for Otto-san too!]

And, after receiving that physical reprimand, as he grappled with the concern he had caused the girls and the worry he would continue to burden them with in the future, he was beginning to brace himself.

A sudden roar, as if to shatter the night sky itself, sounded, prompting Subaru and the others to rush to the window.

Subaru: [That’s, a black flying dragon… No, it's way too massive to even be compared to a flying dragon!]

Beatrice: [That size, it’s not a flying dragon, in fact. It's unmistakably Dragon-class, I suppose. And furthermore…]

Emilia: [――That Dragon, it has three heads!]

As Subaru and Beatrice pressed against the window side by side, Emilia, who was also gazing out from above them, exclaimed just that; the sight was not only awe-inspiring for Subaru, but it would also be recognized as extraordinary by otherworldly people.

Amidst the night view, a colossal black Dragon soared through the sky, as if racing alongside the coupled dragon carriage and swinging its massive body and three heads around. 

Its majestic figure and expansive wings had cracks running across them, and even in the night sky, its six golden eyes asserted its presence, clearly revealing its true nature.

Subaru: [Dragon Zombie…!!]

Ram: [A black Dragon with three heads… could it be, the “Three-Headed” Valgren?]

Subaru: [Do you know of it, Nee-sama!?]

With their cheeks still pressed against the window glass, the trio of Subaru and the others, turned their gazes to Ram behind them. Ram, cradling her own elbow, stared out at the Dragon with her light-crimson eyes, stating,

Ram: [It's the infamous wicked Dragon that once wreaked havoc in a city on the border between the Empire and the Kingdom.]

Subaru: [I thought as much! It's a given that unique monsters with such nicknames are formidable…]

Ram: [A few years after the Demi-Human War, it almost razed a commercial city to the ground. Furthermore…]

Subaru: [Furthermore, what? Is there something else?]

Ram: [――. It was that battle in which the previous head of the family,  Roswaal-sama’s grandmother, lost her life.]

After a moment of hesitation, the words Ram delivered made Subaru and the others catch their breath.

The threat of an enemy became far more visceral when one learned of casualties among acquaintances or kin. All the more when it was Roswaal's grandmother. There was no way she could have been weak.

Presently, that extraordinarily wicked Dragon was being held at bay by Halibel――,

Tanza: [Um, who exactly are those wolfpeople?]

Pulling closer, with Subaru in the middle, Tanza peered out of the same window, unable to hide her astonishment at the confrontation unfolding outside.

Her surprised expression was not misplaced or exaggerated.

Referring to the fighting Halibel’s as "wolfpeople" was indeed accurate.

Because――,

Subaru: [Halibel-san, it looks like there’s about three of him…]

Emilia: [No, Subaru, there are four. It seems one has been constantly on the Dragon's back, trying to clip its wings.]

Beatrice: [It’s not the exact number that is the issue here, in fact…]

Touted as the strongest shinobi of the City-States, Halibel had effortlessly deflected Sphinx's deadly attacks in an instant. His actions alone already lived up to his reputation, but the combat now within Subaru and company's view was equally, if not more, befitting of that reputation.

It was clear. Halibel, true to his ninja nature, was engaged in aerial combat with the wicked Dragon.

Given this high-speed battle, it was understandable that Tanza, unfamiliar with Halibel, might have mistaken him for being part of a shinobi group called the "Admirers", who were perceived as the strongest entity within the City-States.

In any case――,

???: [Uau!]

Rem: [I believe it's not just the malevolent Dragon that's our enemy. Shouldn't we regroup with everyone else?]

Spica raised her voice in alarm, while Rem, who held her hand, suggested regrouping.

Ideally, Subaru would have wanted to discuss how to handle Spica in a more composed situation with everyone. However, given the current predicament, they did not have the luxury to wait.

Subaru: [Yes, you're right… We should head to where everyone is! Abel and the others should be on the move too. Right now―― Huh!?]

Emilia: [Subaru!?]

Following Rem's proposal, Subaru was about to suggest moving to another location.

On the way, suddenly, a burning pain in Subaru's chest interrupted his words, and Emilia supported his body as he tried to crouch down.

However, it was not just Subaru who had experienced this anomaly.

Tanza: […Are you alright?]

Beatrice: [To be supported by you, it's a bit humiliating, I suppose, deergirl…]

Ram: [Even Beatrice-sama… Barusu, what happened?]

Just like Subaru, Beatrice stumbled from the sudden pain, showing her displeasure towards Tanza who had instinctively supported her.

Witnessing their interaction, Ram asked what was going on, to which Subaru replied, "I…I don't know."

Subaru: [Suddenly, my chest started hurting… and what the――!?]

As he spoke, Subaru pulled down the neckline of his clothes, widening his eyes in shock. 

Seeing the same thing Subaru had, both Emilia and Ram furrowed their brows in confusion.

There it was, a mark that looked like a swollen red welt―― And, it was not just a scar.

Beatrice: [What is this…? It’s shaped like, someone's eye?]

Subaru: [Ah, so you see it too? It's a mark shaped like an eyeball… Wait, Beako! You…]

Beatrice: […Betty has the same mark on her soft skin, in fact.]

What appeared on Subaru's chest was a mark roughly the size of a child's palm―― a deformed, patterned design that looked like a drawn eye.

It seemed Beatrice bore the same emblem, as Tanza nodded deeply when peering into the neckline of Beatrice's dress.

Subaru: [But why only me and Beako? Why is everyone else unaffected?]

Ram: [Disgusting.]

Subaru: [I'm genuinely worried!? Do you really think I'd say something inappropriate given the situation and this size!?]

The mark, still sending jolts of pain, was confirmed to be absent on the others. As Subaru rubbed the mark on his chest, he scowled.

This was an alarming sign in their current predicament. It was clear that this was an action taken by someone opposing Subaru and the group, but the intention behind it was obscure.

Perhaps, due to the contract binding Subaru and Beatrice, a curse or effect placed on one could possibly manifest on the other as well.

Subaru: [This is getting us nowhere. We need someone knowledgeable to look at this. For now, we need to get out of here…]

Spica: [Aau!!]

Rem: [――Hk! You can’t!]

Just as Subaru was suggesting they leave, they were interrupted yet again.

With panic evident in their eyes, Spica and Rem forcefully pushed Subaru and the others back from where they were standing. It was a sudden move, but it turned out to be the right one.

――From directly above them, the roof was shattered, and the menacing silhouette of an enemy with Great Shears dove in, violently tearing through the spot where Subaru and the group had stood just moments before.

△▼△▼△▼△

Otto: [Margrave!]

Petra: [Master!]

In unison, two voices vocalized their concern, eliciting a wry smile from Roswaal.

These two might not have easily heeded his advice, and they certainly had not given their trust to Roswaal, but their genuine worry was evident. Their inherent kindness not only spoke for itself but also served as a testament that they, too, were part of Emilia's faction.

――This was a distinction that set them apart from Roswaal, who could never truly connect with them at the root.

Roswaal: […Hk, they've marked me.]

Swallowing his fleeting smile, Roswaal pulled open his shirt to reveal his chest. 

There, a red swollen mark stood out, depicting the pattern of an eye. Petra, her face covered, had her eyes widened in shock upon seeing it.

Otto's expression clouded over upon seeing the mark, murmuring, "That is…"

Otto: [Margrave, did you say “mark”? I hope it is not what I'm thinking…]

Roswaal: [It's exactly what you're thiiinking~. ――This is most likely a sign that we've been recognized as enemies, or perhaps designated as targets. Either way, it's not a welcooome~ sign.]

Petra: [Enemies, or targets?]

Otto's glance fleetingly shifted to Petra beside him. She quickly grasped the implication behind his look, fervently shaking her head in response.

From their reactions, neither Otto nor Petra had this emblem manifesting on them. 

While that in itself was a relief――,

Otto: [What kind of effect does this emblem have?]

Roswaal: [――. Possible effects could be a slow sapping of one's life, the ability to read the target's thoughts, or simply a means to continuously locate the marked individual.]

Petra: [You deliberately listed the worst effects first, didn't you? So, the most likely possibility is that this mark serves to pinpoint our location?]

Roswaal: [Indeed, both of you are truuuly~ astute.]

Having weighed the possibilities, Otto and Petra’s conclusion was probably correct.

The most dangerous kind of curse, one that drained life, was not something that could be remotely inscribed and probably did not need to be considered.

However, being constantly located due to the mark would be problematic in itself.

Roswaal: [We might need to consider splitting up to ensure our movements aren't entirely transparent. With the assistance of Halibel-dono outside, you two should distance yourselves from me…]

Otto: [――No, it seems it is already too late.]

Right after responding in a low voice, Otto pulled Petra's shoulder beside him.

Petra, her eyes widening in shock, watched as an immense figure suddenly crashed through the window right beside her, entering the corridor of the coupled dragon carriages.

The intruder, covered head-to-toe in black armor and wielding Great Shears, emanated a malevolent aura―― it was an undead.

Petra: [――Hk.]

Suppressing a scream, Petra pointed at the enemy from within Otto's arms.

While praising the bravery of the girl who had tried to take the initiative in the sudden situation, Roswaal stepped forward and thrusted his palm forward before the enemy could swing the Great Shears upward.

He swiftly drove his knife-hand into the gap between the helmet that covered the face, inserting his fingers into the opponent's eye sockets as he chanted.

Roswaal: [Goa.]

In an instant, flames engulfed and exploded from the creature's head, causing the armor to rupture from within.

Despite their flashy entrance, the intruder had not landed a single blow. Believing he had chosen the best course of action, Roswaal turned around, only to realize he had been overly optimistic.

One by one, soldiers in similar gear began pouring into the carriage from the roof and corridor. 

In no time, the entire coupled dragon carriage had transformed into a mobile battlefield.

△▼△▼△▼△

Medium: [Abel-chin, over here! Hurry! You run too, big bro!]

Flop: [Actually, this is me running with my full strength, dear sister!]

Raising her voice with all her might, Medium protected the rear by repelling the enemy's attacks with her twin swords.

The barbarian swords and the Great Shears clashed violently, and as they slipped through the gap, the two men protected by her――Vincent and Flop――kept out of the enemy's onslaught.

That at first glance was a pitiful aspect, but there were reasons other than the fact that the two were injured and non-combatants.

Flop: [Your Excellency The Emperor-kun! Are you alright? Don’t tell me you’ve been poisoned! If you can’t protect your promise then we’ll be in trouble!]

Vincent: […Hm. If you are worried, then hide your ambition a little. It is disrespectful.]

Flop: [It may come as a surprise to you that you surround yourself with ambitious people, but there are people in the world who approach you for reasons other than ambition, Your Excellency the Emperor-kun!]

Vincent snorted at Flop who said such nonsense while supporting his shoulder.

Vincent's expression evoked a faint twitching pain that pierced his chest. It was as if the sudden pain and red scars were thorns that ate into Vincent's flesh.

Combined with the onslaught of enemies that Medium was holding back that came immediately afterwards, Vincent was convinced that he was being attacked as badly as ever, and even worse than before.

That was――,

Flop: [That painful chest wound…]

Vincent: [Annoyingly as well, It is most likely the evil eye of one of my brothers, Palladio Manesque. It seems that he lost in the «Imperial Selection Ceremony» and was taken over.]

Flop: [Evil eye…! This is its effect?]

Vincent: [It could only send your voice to someone whose whereabouts was known, but the accuracy was improved after death.]

While answering Flop's question, Vincent thought of the brother he once killed.

Palladio was one of the toughest brothers to compete for the throne, but he was defeated because he was unable to fully utilize the power of his own demonic eye.

It never occurred to him that he would rectify this after his death, but――.

Vincent: […No, it was not something that could easily change even if one died. Someone ordered Palladio to do this.]

Flop: [But if it's your brother, Palladio, he is also a member of the royal family, right? No matter how undead he is, listening to someone else’s orders…]

Vincent: [――You roughly guessed it. If Palladio were to obey, it would only be the former Emperor, Drizen Vollachia, or he would only submit himself to someone superior.]

One person who fit that criteria was Vincent himself, but given that he's fighting the undead, he's the first to be left off of the list.

As a definite undead, Drizen, the former Emperor and father, emerged as a candidate, and at a price not worth considering, the face of his missing sister also came up.

However, considering the wear of the enemy that Medium was facing, the real enemy was left to only one choice――.

Vincent: [――Lamia, huh?]

Lamia Godwin was the only one who met the requirements of Palladio and brought with her the vicious army that carried Great Shears―― the Pruning Corps.

At the Imperial Selection Ceremony, where Vincent was competing for the throne, one of the three brothers and sisters that Vincent highly valued was presumed to be an potential enemy, and Vincent strongly grabbed at his in pain chest.

And there――,

Jamal: [You’re so annoying, you damn dead people!!]

A rough barking sound is heard, and blades are thrashing about ahead on Vincent's path.

As they looked, the undead that had broken through the window and entered the car were being cut down by a soldier coming from the opposite direction of Vincent and the others - a man with unruly hair and an eyepatch. They were being sliced apart and turned into dust.

Just then, the soldier, breathing heavily, noticed Vincent and the others, and,

Jamal: [Hey! You guys, give me a hand! My sister is dying in there…..]

Vincent: [No, you're the one who should lend a hand.]

Jamal: [Huh? What are you saying... You, you, you're His Majesty the Emperor!?]

The man, who had been approaching with rough words, noticed Vincent's identity and screamed in recognition.

With a sense of understanding for the expected reaction and the disrespectful responses, Vincent lowered his unease about the reactions, then nodded his chin toward his own rear and,

Vincent: [Cooperate with the ones behind and stop the enemy forces. Your sister will be brought out with this,]

Jamal: [U-Understood! Private Jamal Aurélie acknowledges and understands!]

Vincent: [Take heart, Jamal Aurélie. The fate of the Empire hinges on your performance.]

Jamal:[--Hk!]

At Vincent's words, Jamal with the lone eye trembled visibly. Right after, he let out a fierce, beast-like roar and leapt over Vincent and Flop's heads, rushing to aid the Medium fighting behind them. He began pushing back the undead with vigor.

Flop: [Eyepatch guy! Treat the Medium fighting alongside us with respect, as she's a candidate for the princess consort!]

Medium: [I haven't agreed to that yet~!]

In response to Flop's words, the Medium's reply lacked tension.

Meanwhile, behind them, Flop burst into the room where Jamal's sister was, and he emerged with a woman in a wheelchair whose eyes were swirling in black and white.

The woman clung to the wheelchair, her eyes brimming with painful tears, and...

Katya: [W-What? What is it? What's happening? Why, why can't you just leave me alone…]

Vincent: [--. That's something everyone in the current Empire is likely thinking.]

While fully agreeing with the woman's lamenting voice about the situation, Vincent shook his head in disagreement.

No matter how dire the situation becomes, we can't afford to halt the wheels of the linked dragon carriage right here and now.

Once it stops, how much time will it take for the dragon carriage to start moving again?

If that's the case--

Vincent: [--There's no time to spare. We must reach Fortified City.]

△▼△▼△▼△

Serena: [If you stop the dragon carriage right now, we'll be surrounded by even more enemy forces, because the system of the coupled dragon carriages is based on the Divine Protection of Wind Evasion. If we start going without the Divine Protection, we'll probably roll over.]

Anastasia: [I knew that’d be too convenient, but that's a pretty big drawback, ain’t it?]

Serena exposed the shortcomings of coupled dragon carriages when it was suggested that the dragon carriages be stopped, given the situation of coupled dragon carriages being attacked and the enemies and allies mixed up in the moving carriages.

Once Anastasia was told this, it was clear that it would be impractical for them to stop.

Anastasia: [Even if that ain’t the case, the ground dragons have been runnin’ for almost half a day… ‘n once they stop, they won't be able to start runnin’ again in enough time tonight.]

Serena: [There is also a difference in manpower between us and our opponents. This is undoubtedly made up for by the mobility of the dragon carriage. If that gap disappears, our fate will be the same as that of the aging Prime Minister Berstetz.]

Garfiel: [This ain’t the time to be talkin’ like that! Gramps, quit lettin’ everyone tell ya what to do!]

Berstetz: [It is because of the nature of High Countess Dracroy's character, plus the fact that I will be executed after the Great Disaster is resolved…]

Garfiel: [Don't be so fuckin’ determined to give up!]

Serena made a light remark that was hard to judge as such, and Berstetz responded with words that had no air of frivolity, to which Garfiel raised his voice.

This new attack occurred at a point where Anastasia and Garfiel were in the same room. Garfiel would have wanted to join up with Emilia and the others――,

Anastasia: [I'm sorry that ya were forced to be with us, Garf-kun, but thanks to ya, both me ‘n Serena-san ‘n the others were saved, right?]

Garfiel: [Tsk… I'm not worried ‘bout the Captain, as long as Ram ‘n Emilia-sama are with him, I'm worried ‘bout Ottobro, but…]

Anastasia: [Emotions don't make the reasons go away. Otto-kun’s a merchant, don't worry, he can take care of himself. But…]

Garfiel, his arms not looking particularly strong, snarled in frustration as he intercepted the Great Sheared Jager, who was boarding the carriage.

With a blistering onslaught of punches, blows, and crushing strikes, he quickly hunted down the Jager in the blink of an eye.

Then Berstetz, who was grouped at the same side as Anastasia as a non-combatant, narrowed his eyes even more at the sight of the undead, beaten and crushed to dust,

Berstetz: [The “Pruning Corps”… It seems that Her Excellency Lamia is here, after all.]

Serena: [Her Excellency Lamia Godwin? That's someone I would have liked to have met once.]

Anastasia: [Really? What kind of person are they?]

Serena: [The Prime Minister knows more about her than I do. After all, it was the Prime Minister who wanted her to be Emperor.]

Serena shrugged as she held up her own sword, the blade of which waved through the air, and Anastasia's gaze turned to Berstetz.

The old man, who did not deny Serena's story, nodded with thread-narrowed eyes that could not be readily seen where he was looking,

Berstetz: [She was a woman worthy of being the Emperor of the Vollachian Empire. If not for Vincent Abellux and Prisca Benedict of the same generation, she would have been Emperor.]

Serena: [Or has she risen as undead and come to fulfill her true intentions? Perhaps Prime Minister, you might be forgiven if you pledge your allegiance once again?]

Berstetz: [――. Unfortunately, Her Excellency Lamia and I are losers. It is not in keeping with the Imperial way.]

Serena closed one eye and sighed as Berstetz slowly shook his head.

Berstetz's serious answer was not to Serena's liking. Anastasia, too, could detect the former subject's mixed feelings, but not much more.

???: [――Anna]

Suddenly, as she contemplates, Anastasia hears a call in her ear, and raises her head.

The call comes from around Anastasia's neck, from Echidna, disguised as a fox scarf. Glancing over, Echidna's dark eyes turn to the entrance of the guest room.

???: [――Anastasia-sama, I am back]

Shortly after following her gaze, through the door appeared Julius.

The handsome Julius holds a knight's sword in one hand and a slender man in the other. Julius had been ordered to separate from the others and pick him up. 

The figure shook his long gray hair, as he raised his head pitifully,

Ubilk: [Now now, I’m troubled by the sudden situation. My chest is hot and painful, and the swordsman here is shaking me about, it's terrible]

Anastasia: [Instead of complainin’ so much, shouldn't ya be thankin’ my Knight and I? Ya might be what they're after.]

Ubilk: [Eh!?]

So, looking surprised, being restrained in the back of the carriage was the «Stargazer» Ubilk.

Apparently, he is a valuable source of information for the Empire in its fight against the «Great Disaster». To prevent him from being killed, Julius was sent to him.

Anastasia: [With Garf-kun, I thought there would be a lot of detours due to ‘im wanderin’ off ‘n’ foolin’ ‘bout]

Garfiel: [I'm fighting properly, ya know! Don't complain!]

Anastasia: [Really? If we didn't ask ya to do this job, wouldn't ya have gone to help Halibel outside?]

Garfiel: [Gao…Hk]

Snarling a bit as she hit the bull's-eye, Garfiel's fangs quivered.

The "linked dragon carriage" was being continuously attacked by enemies, but the biggest threat was held back, keeping the evil dragon at bay on his own was Halibel.

Occasionally heard is the fierce dragon's roar and the accompanying sky-cracking boom - without the strongest of City-States, it would be impossible to stall the world's most powerful creature.

Julius: [Garfiel, thank you for protecting Anastasia-sama and the others. I respect your bravery.]

Garfiel: [Shuut up! Like the Captain, my glorious self is not very good with ya!]

Julius: [That is regrettable. Similar to Subaru, I was hoping to be friends with you.]

Garfiel: [GAAOOHH!!]

At Julius' words from the front, Garfiel vigorously growls and thrusts out his fist. As if intersecting with Julius, the coordination shatters the undead that appeared behind one another.

Even if Garfiel would not admit it, the two top-notch warriors were in perfect sync.

However, this is a coping mechanism ...... if it continues, the dragon carriage will stop, but if it does, it's the end of the line. Somewhere, the situation still has to move, right?

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Raaaaaaah——!!]

With a deep and robust roar, a golden mace was swung. 

The side-ways impact swept away the undead clad in heavy armor all at once, and the enemies that had been flung off of the top of the dragon carriage, crumbled into dust even before they crashed into the ground.   

However, even after dealing with several enemies at once, the number of foes did not decrease.

??? : [Damn, damn, damn! Such cunning tricks!!]

His stern bearded face covered in scars was angered, and Goz Ralfon roared like a lion.

In Goz's field of vision, he could see a swarm of undead flying dragons filling the sky, dropping the undead clutched in their talons onto the coupled dragon carriages one after the other. 

This audacious method of delivery was the worst possible contrivance by which the enemy soldiers could board the coupled dragon carriages.

——As being thrown down did not ensure that every soldier could mount the coupled dragon carriages.

In fact, nearly half of the soldiers failed to mount the coupled dragon carriages, and after being thrown by the undead flying dragons, simply fell to the ground below, where one after the other, the violent impact turned their resurrected bodies back into dust.

However, what could be called a suicidal deployment for a living solider, in the case of dead soldiers, turned into an efficient means of transportation that can be used without the fear of losses.

And, the one’s implementing it were——,

Goz : [——is it not the Pruning Corps of Her Excellency Lamia!]

Goz, who had rushed to protect the earth dragons located at the most important position in the front car of the coupled dragon carriages, glared at the sky filled with the worst assortment of undead brought by the swarm of undead flying dragons.

The Pruning Corps was the malevolent group that had carried out what was known in the Vollachian Empire as the Great Purge. 

Every member was clad in armor that disguised their facial features, and wielding massive great shears, they prune any person deemed unnecessary for their master’s supremacy. ——This was why they were called the Pruning Corps.

The group went down in the history of the Empire for the reason that a girl from the royal family who was only nine years old at the time——Lamia Godwin, had massacred entire armies belonging to the Middle-Class Counts who had rebelled.

The victims of the purge had been made to suffer ghastly ordeals, tasting hell in this world.

Naturally, such heinous violence which could burden even those who got their hands dirty, the young princess had all her subordinates carry them out in some way or another, thereby forging a malicious squadron with unwavering loyalty.

The effectiveness of her control over their hearts, it was evident in this battle strategy. ——The reality that even in death, Lamia’s poison that had tarnished their souls had not dissipated.

And then——,

???: [——Oh My. Even after all these years, you remember me and my adorable beasts, I’m so glad.]

A sudden shiver split the sky, and a sickly sweet voice descended from above.

At that moment, Goz, paying no heed to appearances, raised his mace overhead, and deflecting the bright red swing head-on, lept backwards. Immediately after, the maze that Goz held ignited.

It was a matter of course. ——The brilliance of the Yang Sword dazzlingly illuminates everything.

Goz: [To think that you would descend onto the battlefield yourself…! Your Excellency Lamia Godwin!]

Lamia: [Is it that surprising? With this body, it is only natural, is it not?]

Gritting his teeth, Goz glared straight ahead, in his view was a noble undead smiling bewitchingly.

The blood-red opulent dress, the dazzling array of jewelry, and the natural beauty unique to the Vollachian royal family that caused the value of the items that adorned their beauty to plummet. ——However, when coupled with the pale cracked skin and eerie golder irises, she was but a shadow of her former self.  

Once, during the Imperial Selection Ceremony, the Poison Princess Lamia Godwin, had vied for the throne against Vincent Vollachia, and could have become the Empress ——As if testifying that she had completely changed, she looked down at the half of her body that Goz had shattered with his counterattack.

Yet, where other undead would have crumbled to dust from such a blow, Lamia's body did not disintegrate. Instead, the cracks repaired themselves, restoring her original form.

Goz: [That body…]

Lamia: [An immortal body that will not pass away no matter how much it is crushed or destroyed...I wish I could boast to that extent, alas, it is not as convenient as it sounds.]

Lamia, gently stroking the part that had been repaired, wielded the «Yang Sword» with that very hand, as if to prove that it had indeed been restored. In her arms, the dazzling beauty of the unfading treasured sword seemed even more blasphemous instead. 

Goz frowned at that fact, to which Lamia muttered, "How unpleasant."

Lamia: [Although we could not calm down and talk at the Crystal Palace, could you stop making such a scary face, General Second Class Ralfon?]

Goz: [Gu…]

Lamia: [Ah, you have now become a General First Class. I heard of it. Vincent-niisama revived the Nine Divine Generals system. That is so like him.]

Lamia's lips parted to the side as she placed the hand holding the Yang Sword against her chin.

The gestures and behaviors were unmistakably those of Lamia, whom Goz had also come to interact while she was alive, and he was both horrified and angered by the technique of the undead that could replicate her former behavior.

Indifferent to his inner thoughts, Lamia looked at Goz’s armor from top to bottom and said, 

Lamia: [The Nine Divine Generals is a system where you can rise to the top solely by a measurement of strength. It is the perfect way to gather empty-headed, easy to control pawns.] 

Goz: [...Certainly, in the circumstances behind His Excellency’s revival of the “Nine Divine Generals”, there must have been a plan to prepare a countermeasure against this Great Disaster. I admit that]

Lamia: [From the way you say it, it seems you have an objection?]

Goz: [With all due respect!]

Lamia's words had a tone praising Vincent's thoughts.

Before they opposed each other in the Imperial Selection Ceremony, it was said that Lamia had been quite fond of Vincent. Life and death had separated their paths, but her confidence in him remained intact even after death.

However——,

Goz: [Your Excellency Lamia, to what extent do you know about the time when you were not alive.]

Lamia: [What a strange question. ——Unfortunately, I remember nothing from the time I was dead. Right now, I am in the middle of brushing up on all the various things that happened. I would not mind if you taught me a little.]

Goz: [Then one thing! At the risk of being rude, I wish to correct you!]

Lamia: [————]

Goz: [As Your Excellency Lamia has rightly observed, the Nine Divine Generals of the present age are all highly skilled. They are all far stronger than the likes of me…but not a single one of them is an easy pawn to control!]

Puffing out his chest adorned in golder armor, Goz emphatically proclaimed out loud.

If Vincent had revived the Nine Divine Generals in hopes of having pawns that would do his bidding for the battle against the Great Disaster, it could be said that his plan had failed.

Every single general was a hardened troublemaker, there was no way that they would make it easy.

Goz: [It is not as Your Excellency Lamia believes, the magnificence of the Empire is not summed up in His Excellency alone!]

Lamia: [——. Could that be an insult to Vincent-niisama?]

 Goz: [No! Never! No at all, Your Excellency Lamia!]

At Lamia's narrowed eyes and the slightly sharp tone she had put into her words, Goz shook his head.

Lamia was angered by the feelings he expressed about Vincent, but Goz too was sensitive to any disrespect or rude remarks about the emperor. However, ever since the decision to abandon the imperial capital, his stance had changed slightly.

Moreover, it was not from Goz himself, but rather a change in Vincent that had influenced him.

Goz: [“I am relying on your work”, he said]

Lamia: [...What did you just say?]

Goz: [Your Excellency Lamia, the Vincent Vollachia you knew was indeed outstanding! And yet! Now! Even more! His Excellency the Emperor is changing, striving for even greater excellence!!]

Lamia: [————]

Goz: [The Vollachian Empire, hereafter will achieve greater and greater prosperity! For that reason, we cannot let the hindrance from those who have once died go unchecked any longer!]

In the sense of seeking perfection from the Emperor, Goz and Lamia were very much alike. However, what decisively differentiated the two was the knowledge from the passage of the last nine years.

Those who continue to walk forward in time, will leave behind those who have stopped walking; that is a fact.

Goz: [A sage who unceasingly moves forward! Surpassing even the expectations and predictions of those who have stopped, and pushing even further ahead! That is the pinnacle of the Vollachian Empire, His Excellency the Emperor!]

Raising the ignited head of his mace aloft, Goz shook off his hesitation and charged forward.

Up until that point, despite her altered appearance; his reverence for Lamia, a member of the Vollachian Imperial Family, had bound Goz. ――But those shackles were torn apart by a stronger and fiercer loyalty.

Goz: [OOORAAAAH――!!]

From Goz who had raised a raging roar, a singular swing tracing a semicircle came crashing down on Lamia.

A full bodied strike from Goz, who possessed peerless herculean strength, was not easy to block; even if the opponent was one of the Nine Divine Generals. More so for the slender arms of a woman, even if that arm held the Yang Sword.

In fact, Lamia did not even try to block Goz’s strike with the Yang Sword that she wielded. 

Lamia: [With that dim-witted head of yours, you sure talk a lot, General First Class Ralfon. ――I am actually rather impressed, so I will teach you…]

Her thin lips moved, and Lamia glared at Goz with a bewitching smile.

The figure of the woman received the head of the descending mace in its entirety, and without offering even the slightest resistance, it had cracked and shattered like porcelain, and scattered away into tiny pieces.

Right after stating her intention to teach him something, she had been reduced to fragments beyond repair. 

Of course, there was also the matter raised in the war council earlier. Even if the undead are defeated, there is a possibility that they will rise again through the medium of the so-called Corebug that the magicians from the Kingdom had discovered.

Goz: [Even then…]

The defeat of Lamia here, should be a turning point in the situation.

Without someone to give explicit orders to the Pruning Corps, that is, the presence or absence of a commander――no, rather, the difference in their ability would be to the advantage of his side.

Such was Goz’s belief――,

???: [――Are you listening, General First Class Ralfon?] 

Goz: [――Hk!?]

Once again, at the moment when the sickly sweet voice grazed his ears, Goz's mace was swung directly behind him; in its path it had found the enemy that had signaled their presence and, piercing through the torso, had split their body in two with a sound like breaking porcelain.

Noticing that figure being shattered and blown away in the corner of his vision, Goz gasped.

The enemy he had reflexively struck down, that had turned into dust and vanished, had a face they could not have had. 

The reason being that it was the very same as the one Goz had defeated with his own hand just a moment ago.

???: [You rarely say such clever things, and you are right you know.]

Goz: [Impossible…]

Faced with that inexplicably strange sight, the hand gripping the mace began to quake and tremble.

Whether that was out of anger or some other emotion, even Goz himself could not discern. What was certain, however, was that it was blasphemy.

A blasphemy against the Vollachian Empire, to which The Lion Knight Goz Ralfon had sworn his loyalty.

???: [――This is a war of annihilation, between us who were left behind in the past, and you all.] 
???: [――This is a war of annihilation, between us who were left behind in the past, and you all.] 
???: [――This is a war of annihilation, between us who were left behind in the past, and you all.] 

Having declared thus, Lamia Godwin, who should have been crushed, smiled at Goz.

――Wielding countless Yang Swords, were innumerable Poison Princesses, innumerable Lamia Godwins, smiling.
