*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

???: [――Spica, is it?]

Looking at the two crying, Rem and the girl who had been Louis up until that point, a voice muttered.

Subaru wiped his tearful eyes with the back of his hand and turned around to see Ram, the person who had spoken. She was resting her chin on her hand and crossed her long legs with her usual calm expression.

She tilted her head slightly and looked at Subaru with narrowed light crimson eyes,

Ram: [Where did that name come from?]

Subaru: […It's the name of a star. From my hometown, though.]

Ram: [So, you're a poet, out of character for Barusu. But do you understand?]

With narrowed eyes, Ram's gaze turned toward the two in an embrace.

That was enough to let Subaru know what Ram was actually saying.

Naturally, this was something he had discussed extensively before coming to this guest room.

Ram: [Do you know exactly what it means to work with a Sin Archbishop, even if it is for a greater purpose?]

Subaru: [――. Of course, I thought about it. I can't say I know the answer, but…]

Ram: [If that's the case, then stop.]

Subaru: [――Hk.]

Subaru's throat let out a small sound as the cold, hard words struck him.

However, Ram again piled it on Subaru, with eyes unmoved by Subaru's pain.

Ram: [If you don't properly know what you're doing, don't do it. ――That is the meaning of these eyes and what it means to face them.]

Saying this, Ram extended her hand, which had been resting on her cheek, and touched the slender shoulder beside her.

It was Tanza, who stood next to Ram and watched the exchange between Subaru and the others along with Ram. Tanza was asked to be a witness and was present.

Her black eyes flickered at Subaru's gaze,

Tanza: [I am very aware of Schwartz-sama's feelings, as we have weathered many hardships at Ginunhive and along the way since then. However…]

Subaru: [Tanza.]

Tanza: [However, I would be inclined to think that even Schwartz-sama, who brought even Cecilus-sama with him, should not bring a Sin Archbishop with him.]

Resolutely correcting the wavering light in her eyes, Tanza looked at Subaru and said this.

Tanza did not flatter anyone by choosing words that were pleasing to the ear, but rather asserted her honest opinion. Tanza's honest, yet childlike, opinions were thus deeply felt by Subaru.

Subaru: […Yeah, I know, I've been an idiot.]

After Tanza's words, he was once again acutely aware of the truth behind Ram's words.

And that was the mistaken weight of what Natsuki Subaru had chosen.

Subaru: [I understand it all right. I've been told a lot, and I'm going to take it all on.]

Ram: [Yes. Ram is telling you, whatever Barusu or Rem may say, Ram will not allow it.]

???: […Hk, Nee-sama.]

Ram: [No, Rem, as your older sister, your kindness makes Ram proud, but this is different.]

Holding Spica tightly, Rem looked at Ram with tearful eyes. But, shaking her head in response to her sister's gaze, Ram clearly stated her position.

No wonder; Ram was another victim of Gluttony who was robbed of her other half, Rem.

It seemed inappropriate to say that her position was the same as Subaru's.

That was why――,

Ram: [Forgiveness is not even in the realm of wishful thinking, and the only reason Ram hasn't cut this girl… Spica to pieces is a matter of Memories, that's all.]

Rem: […I don't know how to get my memories back, now what if something happens to Spica?]

Ram: [In the unlikely event that Rem's "memory" does not come back, something that can't be allowed to happen. Something which you said Rem doesn't have to, but Ram doesn’t want that. Rem reminds Ram of herself and how much Ram loved Rem, as well.]

Declared with a snap, Ram proclaimed that she was going to get her love back, and her conclusion was the same as before.

When the battle of the Pleiades watchtower was settled, Lye Batenkaitos was killed, and Roy Alphard was successfully taken into custody, Roy survived as a possible means of redressing the victims of Gluttony's Authority.

However――,

Ram: [The only difference is that she is more cooperative than a Sin Archbishop.]

Subaru: [Ram…]

Subaru: [Stop making that face. All right? If she wants to be forgiven, she has to make amends first. That's the reasonable thing to do. Anyway, this is after they were told this too, right?]

Ram: [――. Sure.]

With a nod in response to Ram's words, Subaru pressed his small fist against his chest.

Exactly as she said, Spica has been allowed a generous deferral for now. The people involved with her extended the period of deferral of her punishment because of her deeds and usefulness.

Subaru could only give it a name as a kick-start to her determination to live again and to be able to contribute to helping more people agree to an extension of the deferment.

Subaru: [For the time being, Spica… Can't you use the power of your Authority to restore Rem's Memory and Name quickly? No?]

Spica: [Uu, au…]

Subaru: [As expected, that's a bugger…]

On the shoulder of Rem's embrace, Spica shook her head apologetically.

Her hands opened and closed, but it did not seem easy to manipulate her Authority and return what the Gluttonys had collected at will.

Rem: […Are you sure that Louis-Chan …No, Spica-Chan, can do this? Can Spica-chan bring back mine and other people's missing memories?]

Subaru: [At least, Spica is the most likely candidate to be able to do so. That in itself is already different from the story of that Stargazer.]

Rem was worried, but it was something she will have to be able to do.

This was the premise on which Spica was to walk with the cross of "Louis" on her shoulder.

To that end, Spica needed to master the use of the Authority of Gluttony――,

Subaru: [――――]

Rem: [――? Um?]

A momentary, fleeting anxiety shut down her words and made Rem's eyes waver.

The generosity offered by Ram, the conditions necessary to undertake it, and knowing the means that must be satisfied in order to do so, the Authority's very existence was horrifying.

In order to stop being the unforgivable Sin Archbishop, by continuing to use her authority, Spica's way of life was again becoming closer to that of "Louis Arneb".

To keep Spica alive was to continue to fight that fear.

With that preparation――,

Subaru: [――I'll have you do it. I'm counting on you to do it, Spica.]

Spica: [U! Auau!]

With certain determination in her blue eyes, Spica nodded vigorously at Subaru's words.

Spica and the villainous "Louis Arneb" looked the same, but their hearts did not overlap. That was the hope that could be believed in.

Subaru: [Tanza, I'm sorry I didn't take your advice.]

Tanza: [――. Do you think I will laugh and forgive you for what you always do?]

Taking his eyes off Rem and Spica, Subaru then turned back to Tanza. Subaru's voice dropped in tone, and Tanza responded in a stiff emotional voice.

Subaru shrugged his shoulders with a "No",

Subaru: [I don't believe so. Because you rarely laugh at me.]

Tanza: [That is what I mean…]

Subaru: [I know exactly what you mean. But give me a break.]

Tanza: [...If that is what you want her to do, there are many ways to do it. Why not just say that her power is for the sake of the Vollachian Empire and, by extension, for Yorna-sama's salvation?]

Tanza, her lips pressed tightly together, pleads with Subaru to do so.

Regardless of the authenticity of the "Stargazer's" prophecy, Spica's presence was essential to the battle, and when pushed, Tanza could not say no, as Yorna's life was at stake.

But Subaru did not like that approach.

Subaru: [Maybe we could do Tanza's bidding in that devious way, but I don't want to do that. I don't want to use that type of method on anyone. You're just one person in particular who feels that way.]

Tanza: [――. Then, Schwartz-sama can't do it.]

Tanza finally turned away from Subaru, hugging her own thin arms.

Subaru let out a long sigh when he was confronted directly with cowardice, both in gestures and in words.

Because the path that Subaru wants to take is one that always ends up hurting the people around him, the people who care about Subaru.

Ram: [Well? How did the devious and cowardly Barusu get around out there?]

Subaru chuckled at the way Ram phrased it.

Ram was kind because she did not let Subaru's self-mockery become self-indulgent in this way. Although he really wished that he could have stood up for himself as well as Ram suggested.

Subaru: [I didn't do it right. I would have started over until I could do it right, but…]

For example, at Gladiator Island, Subaru was able to do so without hesitation.

The willingness to just repeat, try and error, to try again, to find a way to recover when things are about to go down the wrong path and into an undesired relationship.

Subaru: [But, now that I'm reunited with everyone, I don't want to.]

As he said this, Subaru closed his eyes and slid his tongue inside his mouth to make sure he didn't feel the packet of poison behind his molar, which had been there for a long time.

And even if he does resort to that method, it must not be used to distract from the mistakes in his relationships.

And because he was so determined――,

Subaru: [――Otto also hit me really hard.]

He wondered what the path he was on would cost him, and whether he should repeat it.

△▼△▼△▼△

Garfiel: [Ottobro, show me ya hand, 'n I'll fix it up.]

Upon hearing this, Otto turned to face Garfiel, who stood in front of him.

This rough-looking boy, despite his rugged exterior, had a very delicate nature. He was considerate and kind-hearted, truly embodying the essence of a member of the Emilia camp.

In response to Garfiel's offer, Otto shook his head and replied,

Otto: [There is no need to be so concerned. It is not that serious…]

Garfiel: [Ottobro, that ain’t like ya.]

Otto: [――――]

Garfiel: [Y’know, it ain’t like my amazin’ self don't have my own thoughts 'n feelings. So, I kinda understand how ya must feel.]

Garfiel scratched his head and closed one of his eyes. Then, he gestured toward Otto's hand with a jerk of his chin.

It was a painful sight, Otto's right hand, which was swollen and bruised.

For a moment, Otto tried to turn away, to hide his hand from view, but it was foolish to think that he could do so in front of his sworn younger brother who is a skilled warrior. Above all――,

Garfiel: [You ain't plannin' on goin' into an important battle with that untreated hand, are ya Bro?]

Otto: […With you saying that, I really cannot argue, can I?]

With a wry smile, conceding to the reasonable persuasion, Otto extended his bruised right hand.

The dark, swollen fist throbbed with pain. From the sensations that he had accumulated over the more than two decades of his life, Otto was pretty sure that the bones in his fist were broken. 

If anything, thinking so only intensified the pain. Whether it was broken or not, it sure felt like it was broken.

Garfiel: [This feels like the "Timid Domus is the first to die on the battlefield".]

Otto: [Did that not mean that someone who is usually timid going all out on the battlefield and dying a pointless death?]

Garfiel: [Well, I wouldn't exactly associate "timid" with ya, Ottobro.]

As he spoke, Garfiel gently grasped the offered hand and cast a healing spell. 

A sensation like being gently warmed by hot water enveloped his hand along with a faint light. In just a few seconds, the pain in Otto's fist had subsided.

Garfiel: [It's freshly healed, so if you're gonna punch again, use yer left.]

Otto: [I do not want to break both hands. I'll leave the next punch to you, Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [If my amazin’ self did it, there'd be a massive hole, wouldn't there? It's only 'cuz of yer strength that it stopped at that, y’know?]

With a gritting of teeth, Garfiel turned his head, sending his gaze towards the wall of the carriage.

Indeed, just as Garfiel had said, there was a slight indentation and a crack in the wall. That mark was made by Otto's fist, and the height of that mark――,

Garfiel: [――Is right around our shrunken Captain's head, huh?]

Otto: [It is fortunate of Natsuki-san that he was small at that time. If I had punched him in that state, no matter the explanation, I would have come across as the villain.]

Garfiel: [No doubt about that. Well, if the Captain were his usual size, after ya were done, I might've taken a swing myself.]

Garfiel chuckled at Otto's light-hearted remark.

Seeing Garfiel's reaction, the corner of Otto's mouth twitched into a smile. "Oh, honestly," he muttered, scratching his head with his right hand that had just healed. 

His freshly healed right hand still hurt when he handled it roughly. But, the pain was reassuring.

Otto: [Simple as it may be, pain can be therapeutic… Oh, maybe I should have just gone ahead and punched Natsuki-san regardless of his size after all.]

Garfiel: [If that's what you're thinkin', wanna go give him a smack together now?]

Otto: [No thank you. If we go now, we will see something we would rather not.]

Garfiel, trying his best to be comforting, groaned with a low "Gao…", struggling for words upon hearing Otto's response.

Even though he had not intended to, Otto reflected on his words, feeling as though he had unfairly lashed out. ――But, did he really have no such intention?

Could he confidently say that he had not aimed those sharp words at Garfiel who was always looking out for his best interest, fully knowing that he would never turn against him?

Otto: […This is frustrating.]

Muttering to himself, Otto, once again, smacked his forehead with his right hand, a bit harder this time.

The forehead that was smacked and the right hand that smacked it both cried out in pain.

――Presently, Subaru should have been heading to the cabin where Ram and Rem were waiting. There, he was expected to confront "Louis" and engage in a conversation.

The discourse likely to transpire there was something that Otto would deeply resent. He could loudly declare that he would not want to be present for it.

Emilia and Beatrice, more concerned about Subaru himself than the nature of the conversation, had followed him. Whether they would enter the cabin or not remained uncertain, but one could easily imagine them anxiously awaiting the outcome.

However, considering the circumstances――

Garfiel: [――――]

Garfiel, with his awkward expression and silence, probably had stayed here out of concern for Otto.

Emilia's group and Garfiel both had a way of making Otto's heart sour.

――Otto's stance on the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb, had consistently been that she must be eliminated at all costs.

Even though he believed this so strongly and had resolved himself to it, there was a fact that Otto had deliberately not shared with Emilia and the others.

Since their reunion in the Fortress City of Guaral, and through several encounters with "Louis", the mute girl who could not speak with words―― he had never once detected any malice from her.

Otto: [――――]

Otto's Divine Protection of the Soul of Language had a simple capability, one that enabled him to communicate with any living being. While he had most frequently used it to exchange words with ground dragons or insects in order to gather information, if Otto so wished, he could even communicate with an infant.

There was a time during his difficult days as a merchant when he took on the task of looking after the infants of influential figures in various lands, simply to earn some travel money.

Even though an infant's voice might not be able to form words, Otto could understand the underlying intention.

In the same vein, while the utterances of "Louis" might not have formed coherent speech, Otto was able to discern her intentions. And within them, he found no malice toward others; instead, her feelings were mostly centered on Subaru and Rem.

That was why Otto hid this truth and never told Emilia or the others about it.

As long as there was a doubt, it prevented Emilia and the others from getting too close to "Louis."

Once that doubt would be dispelled, it was needless to say what kind of attitude the kind-hearted Emilia and others would display towards "Louis" or how they would approach her in terms of emotional distance.

And just then――,

???: [――Otto-kun, Garf-kun, can I have a word?]

Otto: [――――]

With a light knock-knock on the guest room door, peeping in was Anastasia, clad in a kimono.

Beside her, accompanying in a similar fashion, was Julius. Upon seeing her, Otto tightened his cheeks and gave a nod, signaling "Yes."

Anastasia: [It seemed like things over there were gonna take a while, 'n I thought it might be a bit much for all of us to wait together. I was also worried 'bout Otto-kun's hand…]

Garfiel: [Even without yer worries, I already healed bro's hand. That aside…]

Anastasia: [Hmm?]

Garfiel: [I ain't comfortable with ya callin' me "Garf-kun".]

Frowning deeply, Garfiel voiced his grievance, to which Anastasia widened her eyes in surprise. She then chuckled, "My apologies," and said,

Anastasia: [Y’see, Mimi’s always callin' ya "Garf-Garf" 'n talkin' 'bout ya like that, so I just got used to thinkin' of ya as "Garf-kun". Is "Garf-kun" not okay?]

Garfiel: [Not that it ain’t okay, but…]

Otto: [Garfiel, it is fine. There is no need to fuss.]

While Garfiel grumbled in response to Anastasia, Otto patted his shoulder and shook his head.

When Anastasia and company had entered, Garfiel shifted his position, placing himself between Otto and them. ――To be precise, it was not due to Anastasia.

Garfiel: [――――]

The presence of Julius, standing right beside Anastasia, was the reason.

When he had appeared in the guest room, Otto's demeanor had shifted, and Garfiel noticed it. Grateful for Garfiel's thoughtfulness, Otto nodded.

Standing beside his younger counterpart, Otto presented his right hand to Anastasia and company.

Otto: [As Garfiel has said, my hand has already been treated.]

Anastasia: [I see. That's good to hear. I was thinkin' 'bout havin' Julius heal it if need be, but I guess I was bein' kinda overly concerned.]

Anastasia playfully stuck out her tongue, looking smug as she spoke. If she thought that they would not refuse a suggestion coming from her, she was mistaken.

While Otto and Garfiel were absent from the Augria Sand Dunes, it was possible that the duo had deepened their friendship with Subaru, Emilia, and the others, but——,

Otto: [Unlike them, I properly remember that you two are our enemies.]

Anastasia: [――.You’re right, Otto-kun. Of course, I don't dislike Emilia-san ‘n’ the others, but… without that kinda response, I'd lose my competitive edge, too.]

Otto's gaze sharpened, to which Anastasia responded with a gentle smile. Although her expression and voice were soft, the light in her pale blue eyes was firm, and Otto agreed.

Even though they had gone to the trouble of crossing the border into the Vollachian Empire, Anastasia clearly established camp delineations. That was why they had emphasized their connection to the Kararagi City-States upon boarding the dragon carriage.

In that regard, the problem was not Anastasia,

Otto: [Knight Julius.]

Julius: [Earlier, I had spoken out of turn. Allow me to apologize for that.]

Otto: [Apologize, huh.]

After addressing the other party with a harsh voice, hearing Julius's reply caused a sigh to escape Otto’s lips.

The "overreaching statement" seemed to be the comment that was expressed over the treatment of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony from the earlier exchange.

In the sense that he was expressing his own thoughts, Julius was merely exercising his right to do so.

Those were supposed to be Julius's own words to the agitated Otto on the spot.

Otto: [So, you say that you have reconsidered? You are an outsider, after all.]

Julius: [No, the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony's Authority… I am involved in the sense that I have been harmed by it. I also have a younger brother, of whose existence I cannot recall the memory. From that point of view, I do not consider myself to be an outsider.]

Otto: […In that case, in what way did you go too far?]

Lowering his voice, Otto furrowed his brow as he listened.

Despite having offered an apology, Julius stated that he had no intention of changing his opinion regarding the part that Otto was concerned about.

Other than that, for what reason Julius would like to offer an apology could not come to mind.

Julius replied to Otto, who seemed skeptical.

Those yellow eyes held sincere gratitude along with a certain trust towards him,

Julius: [Otto-dono, for taking away your role, I apologize.]

Otto: [――――]

Julius: [I could tell by your reaction. Had I not brought it up, you would have spoken of the same matter yourself. Nevertheless, due to the fact that I was a victim of Gluttony, I took away your role as an authority in the camp. Therefore,]

Cutting his words off there, Julius bowed deeply.

Then, with the crown of his light purple hair facing them,

Julius: [From the bottom of my heart, I apologize. I am truly sorry.]

Yes, when shown such a genuine display of apology, Otto bit hard on the inside of his cheek.

If his defensive reaction had been any slower, he would have almost bit his lip in front of the other party. Bowing his head, Julius could not see it, but Anastasia could.

That absolutely had to be avoided.

Anastasia: [Julius really wanted to apologize for that, didn't he? So, I was thinkin’ that if Otto-kun's hand hadn't healed yet, it'd be easier to start the conversation that way.]

Garfiel: […’s that right? Well, sorry 'bout that.]

Anastasia: [That's fine. Even if he didn't have the chance, my Knight is good at apologizin' properly.]

Setting aside Otto and Julius, the two parties involved, exchanging such words were Anastasia and Garfiel. Meanwhile, Julius continued to keep his head bowed, and Otto belatedly realized that his response was being awaited.

Otto needed to give a proper response, or this apology would not be complete.

Otto: […Your head, raise it, please.]

Taking his time, Otto slowly addressed the other party.

In response, Julius also began to slowly raise his lowered head. Seeing the Knight in his waso, with the scar under his left eye accentuating his dashing features, Otto sighed.

And――,

Otto: [Your statement was not malicious, and I do not doubt that you were willing to cooperate regarding Natsuki-san. But, you are our enemy. That remains the same.]

Julius: [Otto-dono.]

Otto: [I am not a Knight, so we have no opportunity to cross swords. You are neither a merchant nor a civil official, so we have no opportunity to cross words. ――Nevertheless, as we are in a position to cross neither swords nor words, you are my enemy and I am yours.]

Tightly clenching his fist that would hurt if he squeezed too hard, Otto declared to Julius.

Taking Otto’s words head on, Julius’s eyes widened. The fact that he wasn't speechless or shocked by the fact that he wasn’t thought of as an enemy saved Otto's pride, at least in this situation.

Otto: [Anastasia-sama, I would like to say this beforehand…No matter what Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama opinions are, the reason for making use of the Sin Archbishop is in the Empire. If we are slandered because of the Sin Archbishop's existence, it is the empire that should bear the blame.]

Anastasia: [――Hmm, I have no objection to that either. Even if I did, I don't think I would do such a thing. Cause ya know,that’s true right ?]

Anastasia closed one eye at Otto who turned around and presented an armed theory.

As she stroked her white fox scarf, she turned her gaze in another direction—probably toward the guest room where Subaru and the others were.

Anastasia: [No matter what kind of plan it may be, as soon as a Sin Archbishop is allowed to be involved, people around us will be disgusted, regardless of how deep or shallow the relationship is. This isn't true just for the empire, nor just Emilia’s camp, it's true for us too.]

Otto: [――If you understand, then that’s fine.]

Nodding to Anastasia’s answer, Otto relaxed his shoulders slightly.

If a Sin Archbishop is involved in a matter, it cannot be received positively in any situation. That is the framework of this world and an unshakable truth.

No matter what the victim Julius said, no matter how the kind-hearted Emilia showed the path to forgiveness, and no matter what the foolishly hopeful Subaru wanted, this remained true.

For that reason, he had to confront this.

They point knives at each other's necks, suppressing fatal wounds for each other.

Otto: [――Sorry, there’s something I need to do. Excuse me.]

After confirming their common understanding, Otto suddenly said so.

Hearing that, Anastasia tilted her head with a, "Is that so?". Beside her, Julius digested Otto's earlier declaration, his surprised expression tightened, but Otto couldn't bear to look at him for too long, so he quickly turned away.

Garfiel: [Bro! I will…]

Otto: [Garfiel.]

Garfiel: [Huh?]

Otto: [I’m fine by myself.]

Otto was about to leave the guest room when Garfiel tried to follow him, but Otto stopped him with his hand, and said so as if trying to persuade.

It wasn’t that he was okay alone, it was a plea that he wants to be left alone. And then, the considerate younger brother obediently listened to him, nodded and saw him off.

Otto: [――.]

Closing the quiet guest room’s door, Otto departed with long strides.

He left Garfiel in the same room as Anastasia and Julius. He was worried about what they would say, but he didn't have the heart to defend him.

He didn't run, but his mind was so not at peace to the point that he wanted to run.

Otto: [You stole my role…?]

Julius wanting to apologize, bowing his head and his words echoed in Otto’s head, causing him to clench his molars.

To be able to apologize, Julius was indeed a knight of Anastasia, a sincere and earnest person. He did not give off such a carefree impression.

He just felt very bitter about Julius' misunderstanding.

Julis was making a big misunderstanding.

If Julius had not said anything, Otto would never have said something that would open a hole in Subaru’s logic.

It's true that Julius was right, and he would be lying if he said he didn't have the same thoughts as him, but one can be assured that Otto would never say that even in his death.

It wasn't because he was deprived of his role that he was so furious.

Otto was furious with Julius there because he said something he shouldn't have said――no, he didn't want him to say it. Julius doesn't understand that.

And yet, that misunderstanding is still――,

Otto: [Indeed,  those two are alike.]

At his core,this was proof that Julius was an idealist just like Subaru.

He believed that human beings are fundamentally good. But that was not because he’s carefree. It's not because he is ignorant of reality. Even knowing the reality, he is still able to boast like that.

It was the same way of walking the path of light as Natsuki Subaru and Emilia.

Otto: [――Hk.]

??? [――Otto-kun, that’s no good.]

Suddenly, Otto felt a grip on his arm, snapping him back to reality.

Checking the cause, he realized he had unconsciously raised his arm, which was now being restrained by someone from behind.

Most likely, in a surge of emotion, he had been about to strike his arm against the wall. That very right arm which had just been healed by Garfiel.

Roswaal: [This looks like Garfiel's healing magic, doesn't it? Having just been mended, you'd likely feel awkward breaking it again so soon.]

Otto: [...... I admit I did something stupid, so please let me go.]

He uttered with an unexpectedly low tone, surprising even himself. However, the other party, seemingly used to it, made no mention and released his grip.

Standing there was the ever-so-unwelcome Roswaal. Although Otto never particularly relished their encounters, now he felt especially averse.

Roswaal: [That expression suggests you don't even want to speak with me, does it not?]

Otto: [If you can see that and still approach me, then you, Margrave, are truly relentless.]

Roswaal: [That's an uncharacteristically dull retort from you. Seems like you're more affected than I thought.]

Otto: [----]

Naturally, Roswaal had also been part of the earlier discussion in the guest room.

Roswaal was well aware of Otto's fury during that meeting, as well as his firm stance on how to handle the Sin Archbishop.

Knowing this and still acting this way, it was clear as day that Roswaal intended to provoke Otto. 

If not, then he was incredibly inept at interacting with others.

Otto: [Margrave, I assume you're aware that I'm not in the best of moods right now. If you don't wish to be bitten by the rats I've acquired, I'd advise against ruffling my feathers.]

Roswaal: [If I ever find myself being bitten by rats, I'll know who's behind it. That's useful information... But you misunderstand, I'm genuinely concerned about you.]

Otto: [...Me?]

As Otto responded with skepticism, Roswaal nodded.

With that response, Otto understood that Roswaal was pestering him from a different angle. Being harassed in a moment of vulnerability was truly irritating, making Roswaal all the more exasperating.

Otto: [What do you think, Margrave?]

Roswaal: [As for me? I'm obviously in the same boat as you, Otto-kun. I couldn't care less if the Empire falls.]

Otto: [----]

Roswaal: [Oh, perhaps I was mistaken? The Sin Archbishop is nothing more than a poison that cannot be converted into medicine. Instead of pondering on how to make use of them, it would be better if the Empire just vanished. Just as you suggested to Subaru-kun, simply leave behind and only bring back the members with a guilty conscience.]

Roswaal's attitude, nonchalantly shrugging as if to say, "It's a brilliant idea," made Otto feel as if his own opinions were being thrust back in his face, creating an unpleasant sensation.

The sheer audacity of Roswaal's statement, feigning sympathy only to blatantly reject Otto's approach, highlighted the sheer nastiness of his character.

At the same time, even though Otto recognized the pragmatic side of his own suggestion, he was repelled by his own inclination to think of it as the best solution.

Observing this self-loathing Otto, Roswaal peered closely and remarked,

Roswaal: [I just want you to know, I think you're doing more than enough, Otto-kun.]

Otto: [...It seems without makeup, even the sharpness of your tongue dulls, Margrave. It almost sounds as if you're genuinely trying to empathize with me.]

Roswaal: [I have no talent for empathy, so don't mistake my words. Either way, I believe you've done more than enough. But there's also the matter of struggling in vain.]

Otto: [Struggling... in vain?]

Caught off guard by Roswaal's choice of words, Otto's eyebrows twitched noticeably.

Noticing Otto's reaction, Roswaal gave a deep nod. He rested a hand on his slender chin, and with makeup-free face, only his blue eyes remained visible as he closed them, and...

Roswaal: [This recent incident serves as a perfect example. In most cases, what Subaru-kun and Emilia-sama desire tends to come to fruition. Everyone rallies around, organizing their efforts, ensuring their wishes are met.]

Otto: [...What are you talking about?]

Taken aback by Roswaal's sudden assertion, Otto's brows furrowed.

The idea that Subaru and Emilia's wishes always come true is absurd. If that were true, Emilia would've been crowned queen long ago, and the name Natsuki-Emilia would've been established.

The fact that this hasn't happened only proves it untrue.

Otto: [Are you mocking me? Or are you ridiculing Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama?]

Roswaal: [Neither. I merely pity you. Your family's contributions played a part in our journey from Lugunica to Vollachia. For that, I am grateful to you, and it is out of this gratitude that I offer this earnest advice.]

Otto: [...]

Roswaal: [Becoming overly invested and finding yourself at odds with Subaru-kun and Emilia-sama is toxic for you. I fear that this toxin will eventually erode and harm you, though not kill you. After all, you are an invaluable asset]

Gently, the tone of his voice having calmed down, Roswal spoke in a straightforward manner.

At some point, the clownish intonations in his speech had been omitted, and he appealed to Otto Suwen with sincerity in his heterochromatic eyes.    

In his words and attitude, Otto, who had been silent for a while, had noticed it.

The aim of the person named Roswaal L Mathers.

Otto: [Margrave, I have understood your words. Furthermore, I shall not follow your advice.] 

Roswaal: [Hmm…]

Narrowing his eyes, Roswaal let out a long sigh with a hint of melancholy. 

After that, to him who was about to ask about the real reason for rejecting the advice, Otto declared.

Otto: [I understand. ——I must be a hindrance. Margrave, I have not forgiven what you had orchestrated, because I suspect that you are still plotting something.]

Roswaal: [...Oya?]

Otto: [That is why, seeing that a great deal of frustration had been built up, you approached me. Perhaps you thought it a perfect chance to get rid of me under a plausible pretext, but that was a grave mistake.]

Indeed, Roswaal’s assessment was accurate.

The earlier exchange had been, since Otto joined Emilia's faction, perhaps the moment he had felt the most anger. Just before joining the faction, there had been an incident that had angered him to the point of punching Subaru, and this was anger rivaling that.

Otto: [However, thinking that I would just give up on everything because of that, you are gravely mistaken.]

Roswaal: [Otto-kun…]

Otto: [First of all, what was all that nonsense just now? Whatever Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama wish for will come to pass? Please do not utter such absurdities. That is not true at all, which is why I, Garfiel, Beatrice-chan, Ram-san, Petra-chan, Frederica-chan, Patrasche-chan, and everyone else had to work so hard to get to this point.]

Feeling that calling it a misstep would be completely off the mark, Otto was viscerally furious at Roswaal.

Roswaal’s earlier assertion was this:

Whatever Subaru and Emilia desire, the people around them will somehow make it happen, so it is not necessary to be overly concerned and wear oneself out. No matter how much one opposes, their opinion would be silenced, making their presence meaningless.

However——,

Otto: [It is actually the complete opposite of that]

Roswaal: [————]

Otto: [Margrave, about what you said, I do not know to what extent the surroundings have joined forces to give you that indication… At least, even if I were to side with all of Natsuki-san's opinions, affirming them all; to arrange things such that everything would come to pass—— I do not consider myself capable of doing such a thing.]

He was not like Beatrice or Garfiel, who could lend powerful abilities.

Nor was he like Ram, Frederica, or Petra, who could provide indispensable support.

Neither did he have the power to grant all their wishes, then what was the significance of Otto being there?

Otto: [That is not to be. That is not acceptable. That will not be allowed. When Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama desire something, the moment I stop voicing my opinion, that is when the reason for my being ceases.]   

Roswaal: [————]

Otto: [Sorry, Margrave, it will not be as you desire.]

Plainly, while glaring intensely at Roswaal, Otto declared.

It was probably the first time that Roswaal was so one-sidedly pressured in the span of a single breath.

Of course, while it had not been expressed aloud, there had always been this palpable tension between Otto and Roswaal.

For that reason, whenever Roswaal saw an opportunity, he would try to pressure Otto to remove any obstacles, and attempt to set the board to his advantage.

But, Otto would not yield. Especially not to such ludicrous reasoning as today's.

Otto: [I have decided where I stand. I cannot walk in the way of light, and that is fine.]

Roswaal: [————]

Otto: [It was a misstep, Margrave. You should not have approached me.]

Nevertheless the outcome would have remained unchanged, or so he would have liked to say.

However, At the very least, it would have taken more time to sway the outcome. But Roswaal's haste to get the result he wanted led to the opposite, an outcome he did not want.

And, the moment Otto took a breath in front of a visibly perturbed Roswaal.

???: [Ah, Otto-san! Found you!]

Upon being called by a high pitched voice accompanied by the patter of tiny footsteps, Otto turned around.

Thereupon, his eyes met Petra’s, who was running towards him while waving her hands.

Otto: [Lady Petra…I mean, Petra-chan.]

Reflexively addressing her out of the habit formed from having been undercover, Otto, placing a hand over his mouth, corrected himself. Petra, who had run up to Otto and was slightly out of breath, asked, 

Petra: [Otto-san, is your hand okay? I heard you had hit the wall with all your strength…]

Otto: [I have been asked that many. Fortunately, Garfiel treated it for me, so it is fine. Sorry for making you worry.] 

Petra: [Umm, as long as you are okay it’s fine. …What is the master doing?]

Smiling wryly, Otto showed Petra his unharmed hand, reassuring her. Relieved, Petra immediately changed her expression and glared at Roswaal.

In response to that gaze, Roswaal weakly shook his head and said, "No."

Roswaal: [I was chewing upon my habitual actions]

Petra: [Master…reflecting? Since you never reflect on anything, would it not taste like nothing?]

Roswaal: [Uwaah.]

Otto had thought that he had put quite a lot of pressure on Roswaal, but the impact of Petra's single comment was incomparable.

In fact, Roswaal's shoulders had drooped, but Petra, who had been watching Roswaal intently, suddenly exclaimed, “Oh”, as if she had just remembered something.

Then she turned towards Otto, the ribbon on her head swaying,

Petra: [Speaking of which, I didn’t just hear about the hand. A little while ago, you had been talking about Louis-chan, so…]

Otto: [Ah, yes, that is right. For that as well, sorry for making you——]

Petra: [So I, in place of Otto-san, went ahead and punched Subaru.]

Otto: [————]

Thrusting out her small hand that had been tightly clenched into a fist, Petra declared so. 

Looking alternately at the outstretched fist and at Petra’s enthusiastic face, Otto blinked his eyes in surprise.

At Otto’s reaction, Petra took a sharp breath and said,

Petra: [Otto-san, I heard that you held back. Otto-san would have felt sorry for hitting the now small Subaru. So, I did it myself] 

Opening her closed fist, Petra showed her palm. As she peeked at him from behind her palm, Otto stayed silent for a while, 

But, he couldn't hold back.

Otto: [Ha, hahaha, Ahhaha!]

When Julius had apologized to him, he had endured the discomfort.

When Roswaal had gone on the offensive, he had endured the helplessness of being beaten to a pulp.

But, when faced with Petra’s refreshing words, he could not endure. 

Laughter does not mean that everything is settled.

The issue remained, and Otto was still opposed to Subaru’s thinking. 

However, while opposing it, to keep saying that the compromise Subaru found was unacceptable, that was the reason for his being, and he would keep saying it.  

There is no way he would give in.

Otto: [Petra-chan.]

Petra: [Yes?]

Otto: [Thank you.]

Saying that, Otto placed his palm against the palm the young girl had extended.

A light clap resounded, and Petra laughed saying, “You’re welcome.”
